there was everyone it's 100 go and
we find ourselves for a second video
about him the zombies on finally the
new maps are bi on call of duty
black ops 2 so first I wanted you
wish a happy new year good health
do what you want here in his
horses maybe it is you want
I wish you a good and a
happy new year and a merry christmas to this because
it does not seem like I did two
videos where I said where I wish a
merry christmas so good here it is done on
now goes to the gameplay finally
gameplay at the small to the second video
of the possible mallesons by so in
the first one I showed you here
was his coming well so I
did my little research again
and fixed turbine hand intrigued me so
I told myself fixed turbine six turbines
it makes me think of what on the map
turbine so I leave you there and we get
found immediately on the map
turbine at all and well a return the
world we are then on this map
turbine I just regret a little trick
to a nice secret passage good to know
so in passing a small secret passage
that I had never discovered I finally
do not find it useful but here I am
you show it these gifts so we're going
immediately move on to the second
part of the zombie so already I wanted
finally show you everything all
the zombies stuff will happen in
this room there in this great room
is here so first of all I'm going to you
show that here also nothing to the
zombie are coming zombies are coming
zombies are coming here so that makes
three areas bihar coming that's 4
and if I'm wrong there is a
fifth month the leggings coming five
men I had not count on the
6 7 and 8 9 9 here I am there are nine
I hope I 'm not wrong
so that's normally there are nine if
to tell you more about it and so much the better
for you expected more but I
I counted nine there so we get
find here so we're not here to
talk about the turret of course we
was talking about the zombie so you see like
me you are not blind you are
not said bill either see the figure
finally the number 12
so that immediately made me think of
that the shit out we will go into
October that supporting too much too much
the loose what fucking but that's in
find a
here at worst it's okay we're going
go back on the other you understood
that it was the 12th
so that immediately made me think of
that that zombie finally that a dlc
possible could come out on the 12th
so what I do not know but
but according to the information I think
not to leave the skin to chance
the developers still did the
map them and I would see them badly finally say
it is possible but I would see them badly
to say bullshit say bullshit
just so here we are sailboats
are bi still
so I think the zombie will come out on
12 the 12th of which wood I do not know
finally I do not know I'm going to you
show something else that will
maybe enlighten you then as you
see here there is a small computer and
it's weird to January January so
jean January 12 is soon time
where finally the day I'm doing this
video is the 2 so I will not delay
to post it either
I think I put it on the 2 or 3 6
if I have something else to do but everything
case I ask you very dense and zola
so do not worry you'll be at
current before 12
so why not why it would not be
possible that finally be jc french this
that I said but I would see a
small dlc go out January 12
it would be consistent with what is here
which is sure the computers though
sorry but I noticed that the 12
it was a then sunday mondays chief of
wings ok it was a Wednesday and I
watched on on my computer the
schedule is unfortunately this is not
not that's not quite it's not
not that does not quite fit
given that two seconds I check
and the timetable as the 12 /
on the real calendar 2013
it would be a Saturday and not a
Wednesday so listen I do not know if
that to see with each other
I do not know if there will really be a
dlc all i can tell you is
that these are assumptions and that he does
do not take them seriously anyway
we just are not bullshit
I do not think that I finally
did not do that I said to myself ah
are we going to run a rumor and
turning
not at all I explored the maps
I looked a little bit at
passed on the maps and we see that we
see some information that kind
stop at 00:01 that
that this is it in January and that the
post-it his billiards coming is noted on
the 12
so that's all I can you
bring on this map
I leave you all on it I you
let me leave you right now I
will you leave I tell you ciao the
next do not forget to comment on
the icc and subscribe and dance
on my videos
here I am telling you next alain